And revealed your relationship with Miss Xia
You and your father designed this again
Is 8 million too blind for you?
What did my father do?
I didn't plan to sleep before
But now you even enter the door religiously
Wei Yan
I will make the public pay the price
Notify
Exit the media immediately
Yunzuo's name is not allowed to appear on any platform.
There is also evidence of tax evasion by the Wen Group
Submit it.
What do you want?
Hold a press conference in the name of the shabby house
It is said that Wen's Group is short of funds
Boss Wen sent his daughter to seek benefits
Are you afraid of being buried?
To gain sympathy and defraud investment
This bottomless behavior
Even as in-laws
The slave family will never fart
I beg you
I beg you to give my dad another chance
My dad must have been cornered
Would use such an extreme method
I beg you
I can persuade him
He will surely clarify that it is a misunderstanding.
I'm in love, I'll go find him first
This time your father will wait for the bottom to go
And you can only stay in the Lu family for the rest of your life
The book is waiting for me to reverse it one day
Get out of your house again
listen
This life
It's duckweed
Why do you have to do this?
That's right.
There is a person
There is someone who can help the Wen family